- daily todo
	- {{renderer :todomaster}}
		- DOING one youtube video 30mins
		  :LOGBOOK:
		  CLOCK: [2023-01-28 Sat 21:42:03]
		  :END:
		- DONE one IELTS Listen Test 1-2 section, 3-4 section  30mins
		- TODO write a story with the words learned today, correct the story with DeepL  30mins
		- TODO recite words 30mins
		- TODO one reading practice 10mins
-
- [[daily english video]]
	- [[video]]
		- {{video https://youtu.be/AESkozhaT4s}}
	- [[record]]
		- {{youtube-timestamp 0}}
		  collapsed:: true
			- most of country [[recognize]] 18 as the start of adulthood by [[grant]] ing various freedoms and privileges.
		- {{youtube-timestamp 19}}
		  collapsed:: true
			- I was born 12:05 AM on November 6th, 5 minutes short of being [[eligible]] to vote in the [[election]] tomorrow.
		- {{youtube-timestamp 30}}
		  collapsed:: true
			- It's [[arbitrary]] and unfair. The voting age should be lowered to 16!.
		- {{youtube-timestamp 38}}
		  collapsed:: true
			- I firmly disagree! No way 16-year-olds are [[mature]] enough to  make decisions with national [[consequence]]s.
		- {{youtube-timestamp 46}}
		  collapsed:: true
			- Meanwhile, I know the candidates inside and out.
			- know sth. inside and out #phrase
		- {{youtube-timestamp 50}}
		  collapsed:: true
			- She is [[obsess]]ed with [[politics]]
		- {{youtube-timestamp 52}}
		  collapsed:: true
			- Exactly, If 16-year-olds aren't mature enough to vote, then by that same logic they shouldn't be allowed to drive.
		- {{youtube-timestamp 59}}
		  collapsed:: true
			- I am an excellent driver, And I've never got a ticket unlike some people
		- {{youtube-timestamp 64}}
		  collapsed:: true
			- That's so unfair, that's stop sign was hidden by a tree.
		- {{youtube-timestamp 69}}
		  collapsed:: true
			- I think your both make valid points
		- {{youtube-timestamp 70}}
			- And questioning the age limits of adulthood is well [[warrant]]ed
		- {{youtube-timestamp 74}}
			- some countries have lowered the voting age to 16
		- {{youtube-timestamp 77}}
			- And cultural coming-of-age ceremonies ([[ceremony]]) are often celebrated at different ages.
		- {{youtube-timestamp 82}}
			- As there seems to be no [[consensus]] on exactly when we reach maturity, perhaps science can give us a clear answer.
		- {{youtube-timestamp 90}}
			- One way neural scientists have looked to define adulthood is by when the brain is fully grown, brain development involves two trajectories ([[trajectory]]). First there's a reduction in gray matter. Gray matter consists of cells and connections that facilitate communication at short ranges, creating dense, information-processing hubs.
		- {{youtube-timestamp 110}}
			-
		-
-
- [[IELTS8]]
	- Test1
		- [[Listing]]
			- 20' -- 5.5
			- section1 6'
			- section2 6'
			- section3 4'
			- section4 4'