- daily todo
	- {{renderer :todomaster}}
		- DONE memorizing words
		- TODO one IELTS Listen Test 3-4 section
		- TODO one 2-5min YouTube video
-
- [[pronunciation correction]]
	- wound
		- /wund/
		  <audio controls><source src="https://api.dictionaryapi.dev/media/pronunciations/en/wound-1-us.mp3"></audio>
	-
- [[sentence to remember words]]
	- **The Arboreal Adventure**
	- Anna loved to climb trees. She was an ==arboreal== girl who enjoyed being close to nature. She liked to see the flowers ==bloom== in spring and smell their sweet fragrance. She also liked to watch the birds and ==squirrels== that lived in the branches.
	- One day, she decided to climb a very tall tree near the ==equator==. It was a ==tropical== tree with many fruits and flowers. Anna was curious about what she would find at the top. She climbed higher and higher.
	- She reached the top and saw a beautiful view of the ==jungle==. She felt like she was on top of the world. She also saw a monkey sitting on a nearby branch. The monkey looked friendly and offered her a banana. Anna smiled and took it.
	- words:: [[arboreal]], [[bloom]], [[equator]]
-
- [[sentence to remember words]]
	- Once upon a time, there was a **==handicapped==** girl who loved to paint. She would often sit in her garden and paint beautiful **==floral==** scenes. One day, she decided to sell her paintings at the local market. She set up her stand and waited for customers. A man approached her stand and started making **==obscene==** comments about her paintings. The girl felt hurt and ==embarrassed==. But then, an old woman came to her stand and bought all of her paintings. The old woman told the girl that she should never let anyone make her feel bad about herself or her art. From that day on, the girl continued to paint and sell her art with confidence. She even started using **==disposable==** brushes so she could create even more beautiful paintings.
	- The girl continued to paint and sell her art at the market. One day, it started to rain heavily. The girl quickly put on her **==waterproof==** coat and ran to her stand to protect her paintings. She saw that the old woman who had bought all of her paintings was standing in the rain, looking lost. The girl invited the old woman to take ==shelter== in her small **hut** at the edge of the market.
	- Inside the ==hut==, the old woman told the girl about her life and how she had faced many challenges and **==torments==**. The girl listened **==inwards==** and felt grateful for everything she had. She took out a needle and thread and began to **==stitch==** a beautiful painting of the old woman’s story.
	- words::  [[disposable]], [[floral]], [[handicapped]], [[obscene]], [[torment]], [[waterproof]], [[hut]], [[inwards]], [[stitch]]