- [[daily english video]]
	- [[video]]
		- {{video https://youtu.be/l1-Hjz-tVD0}}
	- [[record]]
		- {{youtube-timestamp 32}}
			- every day I wonder when I'm gonna start feeling it age no matter how many vegetables you eat how many times you work out or how much you sleep it is [[inevitable]] that your body and its capabilities will change over time.
		- {{youtube-timestamp 63}}
			- ==I want to know if my best years are behind me or if my best years are still ahead of me==
		- {{youtube-timestamp 129}}
			- I'm like [[teeter-tottering]] between young and old right now and that feels good but it also feels like a little scary.
		- {{youtube-timestamp 190}}
			- one study it concluded that the peak life satisfaction that we will have in our lives happens at the age of 23 meaning that the ages that I'm at right now is apparently the age where I will be the happiest to be alive now I find that a bit [[ironic]] when a lot of the 23 year olds that I know who are working in jobs that they don't like are telling me that they are having panic attacks because they're unsure of their Futures and they don't like their careers and that makes me wonder do we get a better
		- {{youtube-timestamp 301}}
			- I mean you know physically you start aging when you're in your 30s early 40s so you've been in decline. I've been in [[decline]] for almost 30 years in terms of satisfaction of living what you do lose in your physical abilities and as you decline physically in age and [[wither]] I think you get a little bit more [[mature]] and you're able to handle life a little better.
		- {{youtube-timestamp 380}}
			- to me aging just means you get old you get [[wrinkly]] it's hard to get it up and I mean life just doesn't seem to be as good because you just can't move you can't see you can't hear.
			- Aging refers to the physiological changes we experience during our lifespan
		- {{youtube-timestamp 437}}
			- describe to be 57
			  It's incredibly liberating - [[liberate]]
		- {{youtube-timestamp 548}}
			- You know looking back I like to look at living in periods of 10-year increments each [[increment]] brought a different vision to life. Would I like to relive one no because I think It's just a [[compilation]] of each level or period that really brings you to the person you are today.
		- {{youtube-timestamp 590}}
			- I'm hopeful of the fact that as we get older life doesn't necessarily get shittier
			- I'm hopeful to know that when I turn 30 It's not going to feel as devastating as everyone's making it out to be. [[devastate]]
		- {{youtube-timestamp 632}}
			- does your mom still do your [[laundry]]
		-
			-
		-
-