- [[daily todo]]
	- {{renderer :todomaster}}
		- DONE one 2-5min youtube video
		- DONE one IELTS Listen Test 1-2 section, 3-4 section
		- DONE one reading practice
-
- [[IELTS]]
	- [[8-2]]
		- [[Listing]]
			- section 3.2 -- 7
			- section 4.2 -- 6
		- ((63dd0754-e0e9-4138-b493-82d2fe6a9789))
-
- [[sentence to remember words]] {{renderer :wordcount_lpukthlwcj}}
	- ==Nowadays==, many young people in there ==adolescence== often have an ==aspiration== to be famous or be rich having a lot of property, but some of them cannot digest new knowledge and manage useful skills, only live in a world of fantasy, ==eventually== they will go ==astray== at some critical trigger. Some other young people are ==homesick== and they don't like working in big company or living in modern cities, they choose to go back to their hometown after graduating from school. A few of them choose to to have an ==occupation== related to what they studied at university. Actually, these young people will make many mistakes, some of which are ==excusable==, some of which are not. After a few months on the job, they'll be homesick and won't want to do the job any more. The conclusion we can draw from these phenomena is that today's young people are no more hard-working than their parents were in their twenties.
	-
	- Some people abuse their ==privilege== to ==restrict== the freedom of others and ==victimize== the weak. Mean while some people are becoming more and more ==unyielding== in their struggle for freedom. The workers in this situation will decide to stop working and refuse the ==strike pay== from the government.
	-
	- Some ==poets== write poems to extol ==liberty==.
	- Some poets write poems in praise of freedom.
	-
	- liberty and freedom
		- freedom is a more concrete concept than liberty
		- The term “liberty” is a form of “freedom.” The term ‘Liberty’  relies heavily on implication of responsibility and duty, and attachment to a greater whole society or philosophical belief system. In contrast, freedom means the raw ability to act and do as one wills.
	- extol and praise
		- extol commonly used to human
		- praise can used to majority things.
-