- daily todo
	- {{renderer :todomaster}}
		- DONE one 2-5min youtube video
		- DONE one reading practice
		- DONE memorizing words
-
-
- ((63e0f947-d3ce-4cf5-b96a-ea56335fca13))
-
- [[pronunciation correction]]
	- excess  / ɪkˈses /
	-
-
- [[sentence to remember words]] {{renderer :wordcount_pronwuwnc}}
	- Jack always ==groans== about the ==irrational== policies of being a fireman. When he talks about his job, his ==utterance== is very rude. 
	  It was a sunny summer, the room where he was working was ==stuffy==, and he received a call about a ==blaze== in a residential area 2km from where he was working, He immediately went to the ==fire engine== and as soon as he arrived at the scene of the fire, he jumped into the ==flames==. But he couldn't save the baby, he felt very ==frustrated== and tried to express his ==sorrow== to the parents of the baby.
	-
	- The ==turret== and the ==meadow== are all Tom's ==estate==. No one can be =sceptical= about the ==legitimacy== of this fact. Also he is ==immune== to wealth.
	-
	- My wrist needs a ==tender== ==rub== because I fall when skiing.
	-
	- The policemen can't allow any ==irregularity== that could harm the citizens and they should be aware of the ==gravity== of these things if they want to ==perpetuate== the city. Otherwise, the crime will ==overwhelm== the city like it did in Gotham City. Because there are people who do a thing with ==excessive== ==enthusiasm== and they don't realize that they are ==committing== a ==crime==. Finally, the situation will be difficult to ==tackle==.
	-
	- perpetuate should  be used to a concrete object
	-
	- My ==acquisition== from my ==depression== is that we should not feel ==depressed== about our ==unsatisfactory== lives, nor should we imagine an ideal future or that a ==fairy== can come to us. More information can ==perplex== your brain. Now all you need is eating some food with ==abundancy== of ==nutrients==.
	-
-
-